profile/README.md, before:

# nthState

Hello, I'm Chris, I'm the founder of nthState.

Popular Projects:

- I made [Haptrix](https://github.com/nthState/Haptrix) A macOS tool to let you visually design Haptics for iOS, see [www.haptrix.com](https://www.haptrix.com)
- I made [GestureKit](https://github.com/nthstate/gesturekit) a VisionOS App to let you create custom hand gestures for the Vision Pro, see [www.gesturecomposer.com](https://www.gesturecomposer.com)

I make a collection of modifiers for SwiftUI:

- [Stroke Extensions](https://github.com/nthState/StrokeExtensions) When you want to put elements on a Path of any Shape
- [Curtain Raiser](https://github.com/nthState/CurtainRaiser) A Shader effect for animating a view
- [Preview Color Blindness](https://github.com/nthState/PreviewColorBlindness) Preview SwiftUI views with different color blindnesses
- [Path Sub-Divide](https://github.com/nthState/PathSubdivide) Split a Path into more sections
- [Path Elements](https://github.com/nthState/PathElements) Iterate the elements in a Path
- [Masked Blur](https://github.com/nthState/MaskedBlur) Masked Blur
- [Shape Warp](https://github.com/nthState/ShapeWarp) Warp a shape with a seed
- [Chromatic Aberration](https://github.com/nthState/ChromaticAberration) Change RGB values in a View
- [Claymorphic Kit](https://github.com/nthState/ClaymorphicKit) A Claymorphic view style 
- [Copy to Points](https://github.com/nthState/CopyToPoints) Idea from Houdini, copying Views to points

I'm interested in Augmented Reality (AR):

- [Climb Designer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRRNfKj1rfU) - Route Setting in AR
- [jARws](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/jarws/id352431301?ls=1) - AR Version of that scene from Back to the Future
- [Gesture Composer](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/gesture-composer/id6478170862) - Creating Custom Hand Gestures for VisionOS Apps

I'm interested in Accessibility

- [InspectorA11y](https://github.com/nthState/InspectorA11y) - Proof of Concept for generating Accessibility Details of a SwiftUI View

I've made games

- [Trainwreck](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xWZf5TzcCc) - A Unity game where the goal is to keep as many trains on the track at once
- [Duel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bD_XbD0Ma7E) - A tvOS game where you need to shoot the bad cowboy


I'm interested in Hardware Interfaces:

- [Blender Hardware Interface](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWCsz6pDwb4) Controlling Blender with a Custom Controller

I'm playing with SourceKit to analyse Source Code

- [Product Analysis](https://github.com/nthState/ProductAnalysis) Checking if code is implemented

I have a course:

- [Photoshop with Javascript](https://github.com/nthState/PhotoshopWithJavascript) How to use Javascript inside of Photoshop

I also use `Metal`:

- [Curved Shader](https://github.com/nthState/CurvedShader) similar to Animal Crossing Rendering
- [GPU Video Effects](https://github.com/nthState/GPUVideoEffectsWithTVOS) Processing video frames on tvOS

I also like CI/CD:

- [Validate an Xcode Project is sorted](https://github.com/nthState/ValidateXcodeProjectSorted) GitHub Action to Validate Xcode project sorting
- [Upload TestFlight Release Notes](https://github.com/nthState/UploadTestFlightReleaseNotes) GitHub Action to upload TestFlight Release Notes
- [Inclusive Copyrighting](https://github.com/nthState/InclusiveCopywriting) GitHub Action to check for inclusive copy in certain file types

Here's a collection of tools to help you debug in Xcode

- [LLDBInit](https://github.com/nthState/lldbinit) - extensions for Xcode

I like Audio

- [Smagic for the Teenage Engineering OP-1](https://teenage.engineering/products/op-1/original/anniversary/made-on-op-1) I connected an iOS App to the OP-1 midi port, I ❤️ Teenage Engineering

Videos

- [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUe3_Lw8_B5e_Gse7a2KHdQ/videos) A collection of videos from projects

You can find more projects on [GitHub](https://github.com/nthState), and on my portfolio [www.chrisdavis.com](http://www.chrisdavis.com)

If you want to get in contact, send me a message.

Commit message:

docs: Add Swift Acknowledgements link

profile/README.md, after:

# nthState

Hello, I'm Chris, I'm the founder of nthState.

Popular Projects:

- I made [Haptrix](https://github.com/nthState/Haptrix) A macOS tool to let you visually design Haptics for iOS, see [www.haptrix.com](https://www.haptrix.com)
- I made [GestureKit](https://github.com/nthstate/gesturekit) a VisionOS App to let you create custom hand gestures for the Vision Pro, see [www.gesturecomposer.com](https://www.gesturecomposer.com)

I make a collection of modifiers for SwiftUI:

- [Stroke Extensions](https://github.com/nthState/StrokeExtensions) When you want to put elements on a Path of any Shape
- [Curtain Raiser](https://github.com/nthState/CurtainRaiser) A Shader effect for animating a view
- [Preview Color Blindness](https://github.com/nthState/PreviewColorBlindness) Preview SwiftUI views with different color blindnesses
- [Path Sub-Divide](https://github.com/nthState/PathSubdivide) Split a Path into more sections
- [Path Elements](https://github.com/nthState/PathElements) Iterate the elements in a Path
- [Masked Blur](https://github.com/nthState/MaskedBlur) Masked Blur
- [Shape Warp](https://github.com/nthState/ShapeWarp) Warp a shape with a seed
- [Chromatic Aberration](https://github.com/nthState/ChromaticAberration) Change RGB values in a View
- [Claymorphic Kit](https://github.com/nthState/ClaymorphicKit) A Claymorphic view style 
- [Copy to Points](https://github.com/nthState/CopyToPoints) Idea from Houdini, copying Views to points

I'm interested in Augmented Reality (AR):

- [Climb Designer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRRNfKj1rfU) - Route Setting in AR
- [jARws](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/jarws/id352431301?ls=1) - AR Version of that scene from Back to the Future
- [Gesture Composer](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/gesture-composer/id6478170862) - Creating Custom Hand Gestures for VisionOS Apps

I'm interested in Accessibility

- [InspectorA11y](https://github.com/nthState/InspectorA11y) - Proof of Concept for generating Accessibility Details of a SwiftUI View

I've made games

- [Trainwreck](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xWZf5TzcCc) - A Unity game where the goal is to keep as many trains on the track at once
- [Duel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bD_XbD0Ma7E) - A tvOS game where you need to shoot the bad cowboy


I'm interested in Hardware Interfaces:

- [Blender Hardware Interface](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWCsz6pDwb4) Controlling Blender with a Custom Controller

I'm playing with SourceKit to analyse Source Code

- [Product Analysis](https://github.com/nthState/ProductAnalysis) Checking if code is implemented

I have a course:

- [Photoshop with Javascript](https://github.com/nthState/PhotoshopWithJavascript) How to use Javascript inside of Photoshop

I also use `Metal`:

- [Curved Shader](https://github.com/nthState/CurvedShader) similar to Animal Crossing Rendering
- [GPU Video Effects](https://github.com/nthState/GPUVideoEffectsWithTVOS) Processing video frames on tvOS

I also like CI/CD:

- [Validate an Xcode Project is sorted](https://github.com/nthState/ValidateXcodeProjectSorted) GitHub Action to Validate Xcode project sorting
- [Upload TestFlight Release Notes](https://github.com/nthState/UploadTestFlightReleaseNotes) GitHub Action to upload TestFlight Release Notes
- [Inclusive Copyrighting](https://github.com/nthState/InclusiveCopywriting) GitHub Action to check for inclusive copy in certain file types
- [Swift Acknowledgements](https://github.com/nthState/SwiftAcknowledgements) GitHub Action to generate a Plist of all LICENSE files in your used Swift Packages

Here's a collection of tools to help you debug in Xcode

- [LLDBInit](https://github.com/nthState/lldbinit) - extensions for Xcode

I like Audio

- [Smagic for the Teenage Engineering OP-1](https://teenage.engineering/products/op-1/original/anniversary/made-on-op-1) I connected an iOS App to the OP-1 midi port, I ❤️ Teenage Engineering

Videos

- [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUe3_Lw8_B5e_Gse7a2KHdQ/videos) A collection of videos from projects

You can find more projects on [GitHub](https://github.com/nthState), and on my portfolio [www.chrisdavis.com](http://www.chrisdavis.com)

If you want to get in contact, send me a message.
